 What if I tell you that you can now convert text into designs into websites, fully editable code, just created from a couple of lines of text. That is what the future is all about. Hi everyone, I'm Aishan Sharma and in this video, I'll be having a look at how AI can help you create websites in seconds. And what this means for both designers as well as developers. We'll have a look at all of that in this video. Make sure that you hit the like button. The first level show you is called as mixo. Right? So mixo is an AI tool through which you can launch your startup website in seconds. And I was able to launch my own website of mark it up. Dot in with just a few seconds at max a minute and it made the complete website with the best text with the best copy with the best colors. And I could then take it. I could even publish it if I wanted to. I can simply say a landing page. This is the text I gave it and I can just click on generate site and it will now be able to create a site use this one line of text to create the copy, create the logo, create the color scheme for the site and created right in front of me in seconds. So as you can see, this is the website was able to create. I can just take this link and I can open it up right here. Power up your YouTube presence with mark it up. Right? Get so it basically has the main tagline. It also has the text over here and it also is capturing emails. Right? I can click on join our wait list. They also have some testimonials over here. If you go down, they also have content strategy, video editing. I also have some more testimonials and I can see all of the clients who are here. Edit says community. I can also edit this content and then I can make it live. I can also edit this site to my liking. I can change all of this text. I can change all of the content of this site. I can also change the color of the site if I want to do that. Right? So this is the logo. This is the primary color, secondary color, site name, SEO title, description. I can change all of it to my own liking. And I think this is the best part about this site. I can launch my startup website in seconds and I can test out if this is a good idea for me to build on. Right? The other thing that happens is the biggest mistake people make when building their startup is that they don't really do the research with the users. Right? They just build it and then people don't use it and then it just goes into waste. Waste of time and resources and money as well. Instead, you can launch your own startup website and you can test how people are interested to learn more about this. Right? So they will enter their email and you will get an idea of how well this really works. How good is your idea? And as you can see, my side is published. I will have to use this link else. I will have to buy their subscription to actually get my own custom domain. Right? So this is the link that I have with me. It made the complete HTML page. Everything right here in just a few seconds. You can edit it and you can get the website running in just a few minutes. Right? So that is the best part about mix. The next thing I want to show you is even crazy. Right? So this thing is called as Galileo. Galileo AI. What does this do? Basically, if you have any text of how you want the design of your app to look like, you can enter that text over here and what is the record designs create for the app. Right? You do not need to know anything about design and you can take this design and you can actually edit it in Figma. It basically converts text to Figma files. And this is high fidelity design with all of the details, with all of the colors, with all of the logos, symbols, everything that you might want in a design. It creates it right in front of you. It is not exactly out here. You can click on request early access and you can sign up for it. You can sign up for it like this and then you will get access to Galileo.ai and you can create all of the designs with just your text. Imagine how cool that is, right? You don't need to hire a designer, pay them, lacks and lacks of salary. You don't need to have a developer as well. Yes, you heard me right. I want to show you something called as Bifrost. Right? Bifrost.sso is another AI tool which converts your Figma files into React code. Now the best part here is that if you use both of these tools, Galileo to convert your text to design, editable and Figma and then you take this Figma file, you put it into Bifrost, it converts the Figma file into React code that you can then publish. Right? That's the best part about both of these tools. If you use together, you can turn your text into full-fledged React code that you can then edit and you can then connect it with a database and you can make it live. So that is the best part about it. Again, this tool, you can click on join the alpha to get access to it. It's not available for everyone right now, but this just shows you the possibilities of AI in the field of creating websites. Right? So the question you might be having is, Isshan, what happens to web developers now? Like in the future, in the next six months to a year, two years, websites will be very easily made with the help of these AI tools. So what will people do? And that is where you need to think about the backend. Right? This is the front end. React will make the front end of your website, but you would still need someone to write the logic behind this site. You would still need someone to encrypt the site, make it more secure. You would still need someone to create the databases to connect with the server, to connect the server with the front end. So you would need people who specialize in backend development. So if you're a full set developer or a backend developer, you still have time on your hand and you can still work in the industry for the next few years. And I think that is what you should be focusing on for front end developers to use like Galileo and Bifrost can take away your work because they can do it faster. They can do it from probably cheaper and they will be able to deliver faster results without any error. Right? That is also a very interesting thing to think about. Right? You can edit these designs and you can then give it to the backend developer to convert it into a full-fledged site that you can then launch. So that is where the future lies. I want to know from you people what do you think about these tools? Would you want to use a site like Mixo? Would you want to use Galileo? Would you want to use Bifrost? And if yes, what do you think will happen to the jobs that will be replaced in the domain of making sites from design to code to development? I would love to know your thoughts. You can share this video with your friends. You can tag me on social, add a shan, sherma, since 90. On Instagram, I make a lot of more videos about AI tools and how can you use it to become more productive. So you can take a look at that as well if you're interested. Thanks a lot for watching. You can also write in the comment section. I was still the end if you're still watching. You can use these tools, get productive, and I will see you all in the next one. Bye.